hello guys and today i'm going to be
reviewing the netgear insects Wi-Fi dual
band USB adapter I've been doing this
for a couple of months and it is pretty
good well about a month watching I was
into her if you want it sooner but uh
conical I didn't really know like right
out like he uses that well and stuff but
has a juicier here says she's all sad it
says dual-band avoid interface for
reliable connections and they're not
here says you can't see uh sorry about
that Oh Missy okay you can see a bus
this works with any standard Wi-Fi
router or modern router / gateway like
belkin dealing link sees ah radar I
guess that little orange circle what
every call i think uh netgear and others
um soda here says uh how's this gonna
help
okay but anyway this genie app secure
connections easy install dual band email
chat surf music on the gaming and HD
streaming so yeah that's what it looks
like right there that's what the actual
chip is so so yeah when you get the
package in the mail or where we get from
its as a package content is the in in
600 Wi-Fi dual band USB adapter when
okay i right mount with USB extension
cable installation guide netgear genie
installation CD and we're here says
physical specifications dimensions are
87 x 28 x 14mm and the weight is 19
grams so ya want co in it aight aight
like 1888 netgear or you can just call a
6-3 6-3 843 27 for some more information
we can email them at info at netgear
calm when the website nikka calm and
look at the description for all the
links in more specifications so yeah a
little top of the box right here i think
this is about 40 bucks if you want to go
bound you can look in the description uh
yeah i i'm not sure for ps3 and xbox but
i'm assuming and might
not really sure but i think i should but
connects to 50 TV from Matt yeah yeah
all right but 600 speed 300 plus 300 of
the Rings Japan see all right so let's
open this thing first thing that you'll
see will probably be this in like a
little band
hot cheese I can't like you can like if
you don't want to plug that right there
directly into your computer you can just
plug into this and then plug this side
into it like this thing along this is
nothing but yeah I'd say it's about well
probably about three feet can have feet
probably around there and then here is
the netgear its actual self when you
plug it in I think this red light pops
on right here or blue he presses bun to
disconnect from my flight I don't know I
don't really use that because i have in
the back of my computer over there but
yeah as you can see like a house that
stuff right there so for overheating and
stuff so yeah
yeah you know any look at that but yeah
all right so yeah USB port so yeah and
do open end right okay section kit so
red is zero bars as you can see bars
indicate angel connection yellow is one
to two bars and green is three to five
bars I usually have four bars but i
might get five bar sometimes I never
talk down to three and below dude like
never so yeah yep just a bunch of that
stuff hug them are into a later on the
video you can plug it into like that
like press the thing but that's just
something else other the CD thing off
you condemn it so you don't you worry
about this it's pretty easy to install
the CD that comes in there right here
get that out there connect with you know
innovation I guess source CD version 2.3
ah so yeah
here nothing else besides this'll like
piece right here that you can put that
on do this so i'll show you in here I
put that on there for I guess keeping uh
so you can help put in your pocket or if
you want like if you want that
California or something to a hotel or
something and you want to bring the
laptop you can just get one of these so
yeah I guess that's kind of it looking
description if you want to buy one of
these and so uh yeah that's about it
keys